docs: graph and task output serialization (#470)
ewoks-kit/ewokscore: doc/howtoguides/workflow_conversion.rst

Loading and saving workflows
============================

> This tutorial uses a workflow with one node that passes an object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses a workflow with a single node passing through an object.
```

.. code-block:: python

    from ewokscore.task import Task

    class PassThroughTask(Task, input_names=["object"], output_names=["object"]):
        def run(self):
            self.outputs.object = self.inputs.object

    workflow = {

>         "graph": {"id": "testworkflow", "schema_version": "1.1"},

Reviewer: Is the  ̀schema_version` mandatory ?

Author: You get a warning if you don't give it, in which case ewoks will assume it is the latest version. So technically no be practically yes.

        "nodes": [
            {
                "id": "task1",
                "task_type": "class",
                "task_identifier": "__main__.PassThroughTask",
            },
        ],
        "links": [],
    }

Workflows can be saved in JSON or YAML format

.. code-block:: python

    from ewokscore import convert_graph

    convert_graph(
        workflow,
        "myresults/workflows.json",
        inputs=[{"id": "task1", "name": "object", "value": 42}],
    )

Loading workflows from JSON or YAML can be done with the same function

.. code-block:: python

    workflow = convert_graph(
        "myresults/workflows.json",
        None,
    )

Conversion between file formats can be done like this

.. code-block:: python

    workflow = convert_graph(
        "myresults/workflows.json",
        "myresults/workflows.yaml",
    )

Workflow representations
------------------------

In short, `convert_graph` allows converting different workflow representations,

> either in file or memory (dictionary, string). The representation can be provided

Reviewer: maybe the "memory" can be improved

```suggestion
either in file or in Python-native (dictionary, string). The representation can be provided
```
